Maka's guides hey guys Mackey here
playing Wolfenstein the new order this
is an easter egg
the Wolfenstein 3d Easter Egg this is
available on chapters 5 7 & 9 when
you're in this hideout area you're gonna
want to go all the way up the stairs to
the very very top into the toolshed then
through the toolshed and you'll find
this mattress lying right here with a
wolfenstein 3d poster next to it and if
you look at the mattress it'll say
nightmare and if you hold the button
prompt it'll actually start a dream and
this dream is the full 100% working
level one of Wolfenstein 3d using the
Wolfenstein new order engine as you can
see it's definitely HD even though it
looks like you know crap because it's
this game was originally made in like
1991 I want to say but the whole hand
model and all the movement and
everything is from the this new game
this is the full level one and as far as
I understand it actually includes all of
the secrets there is a secret in the
last room of this level which I totally
forgot about until I started watching
gameplay of this game from way back when
I actually did find one secret room
which is for like pushing a poster into
a wall you can find an assault rifle you
can also dual wield your pistols I'll be
showing you guys all of that this is a
crazy good time in terms of an easter
egg you can beat this level now keep in
mind if you do die as I try to I believe
I try to use a knife and then I pull my
pistol because it was just a little too
dangerous if you do die unfortunately
the your dream ends you wake up in the
bed that you went to sleep in and you
can't restart this without restarting
the entire level or going back to the
main menu and replaying the level so
you'll want to keep that in mind try it
your best not to die everything here is
the same from the original game
including the secret passages like I
said you don't get any rank or score but
I thought this was a awesome awesome
Easter Egg and I definitely recommend
you guys to check it out on level 5 7 &
9 you can go to the very top floor
and sleep in the bed that says nightmare
to play Wolfenstein 3d the first level
of the game I wish there was a few more
levels but unfortunately it's not I'll
leave you guys with the in-game audio
complete with original in-game music
which is also pretty awesome and
hopefully I'll see you in some of my
other Wolfenstein videos guys thanks for
watching as always smash that like
button leave me a comment if you want
hopefully you subscribe and I'll see you
next time
you